Glyph           <insert glyphButton.jpg>

The vtkGlyph3D gilter is used for copying glyph geometry (possibly scaled
and/or oriented) to every point in a data set.  In ParaView, the user may
choose which scalar and vector arrays to use, which glyph geometry to
display at every point in the data set, and how to orient and scale the
glyphs.

<insert glyph.jpg>

The possible glyph sources (to create glyph geometry) are arrows, cones,
and spheres.  These are listed in the "Glyph Source" menu as
pvGlyphArrowOutput, pvGlyphConeOutput, and pvGlyphSphereOutput,
respectively.

<insert glyphSources.jpg>

If the user chooses to scale the glyphs to reflect the underlying data,
then the "Scale" check button must be checked, one of four scaling options
should be selected from the "Scale Mode" menu.  If the scale mode is
"Scalar", the glyphs will be scaled according to the data in the selected
"Point Scalars" array.  If "Vector" is selected, the glyphs will be scaled
by the vector magnitude of the data in the selected "Point Vectors" array.
If the scale mode is "Vector Components", then the glyphs are scaled in the
x direction by the first component of the vectors in the selected "Point
Vectors" array, in the y direction by the second components, and in the z
direction by the third component.  If the scale mode is "Data Scaling Off",
then the underlying data arrays will not affect the scale of the glyphs.
Additionally, the user may also enter a scale factor, to be applied to all
the glyphs, in the "Scale Factor" entry box.

<insert scaleModes.jpg>

The glyphs can also be oriented to display the data in the selected "Point
Vectors" data array or to reflect the normals of the underlying data set.
This is determined by selecting a vector mode of "Normal" or "Vector",
respectively.  If the glyphs are not to be oriented (rotated) according to
underlying data arrays, then "Vector Rotation Off" should be selected.

<insert vectorModes.jpg>